Fresh Luma public event
Source: https://luma.com/yzp9abvr
Observed: 2026-10-03T04:53:16.680Z

Events
Calendars
Discover
6:53 AM GMT+2
Create Event
You have manage access for this event.
Manage
Presented by
Recursive Self Improvement
Follow
Community centered around recursive self improvement. Every Sunday we come together to build, learn and exhange notes on RSI.
Hosted By
Artem Lukoianov
Sean Klein
Serge Alexander Didenko
Alejandro Zarzuelo
Contact the Host
AI
Featured in 
Boston
Recursive Self Improvement Hack - Formal Verification in Mathematics
SEP
27
Sunday, September 27
10:00 AM - 10:00 PM EDT
Harvard Innovation Labs
Boston, United States
Registration
Past Event
This event ended 5 days ago.
Welcome, Alejandro! To join the event, please register below.
Alejandro Zarzuelo
[REDACTED CONTACT]
Request to Join
About Event
​One week. Unsolved problems in mathematics. Machine-checked results.

​Join a global competition to formalize mathematics, attack open problems, and create verifiable public results with any combination of human reasoning and AI.

In recent weeks we have seen worldwide news about AI advances on the toughest problems in mathematics - the Navier-Stokes Millennium Prize Problem and the Jacobian Conjecture. This week we invite you to learn and hack with the tools and skills that are starting to emerge for this new age of maths - AI recursive loops.

​We will work on 6 open problems in mathematics - each rated by difficulty and formalized through the Ulam Open Problems Difficulty Atlas. This hack is open to anyone who studied advanced mathematics as part of their university degree, inc. mathematics, physics, engineering and computer science.

​The 6 open problems are defined here - https://app.autolab.ai/lists/alejandrozu/openmath

Ulam Open Problems Difficulty Atlas - https://www.unsolvedmath.com/

Full description of the competition and rules - https://rsihouse.ai/openmath

​------

​in the room: researchers from MIT, Harvard, Stanford, DeepMind and Meta. Co-hosted by RSI House, Autolab, Sundai Club.
------

​✨In-Person and Virtual ✨

​In-person event is held for one day on Sunday 27 September at Harvard Innovation Labs. Virtual competition is held online, in parallel and zoom link to be provided for all accepted participants.

​✨Schedule✨

​10:00 AI News

​10:15 Introduction to Recursive Self Improvement

​10:45 Idea pitching and team formation

​14:00 Check-in #1 and lunch

​16:00 Optional 5k run/bike

​20:00 Final presentations

​✨What is Sundai✨

​Sundai is the largest AI hacker community born out of Harvard & MIT. As Sundai, we had done 130+ hacks back-to-back in the last 2.5 years - one for every sunday without stopping.

✨What is Autolab✨

​A platform for Autoresearch and Recursive Self Improvement. Autolab.ai runs your ML experiments for you - agents plan, launch, and score thousands of training runs in parallel, on your GPUs, against your evals.

​✨Our mission at RSI House ✨

​"Accelerate the pace of intelligence explosion"

​Terms of Participation:

​By joining this event you agree to take care & vigilance of the following:

​- leave the room as you found it. All whiteboards, chairs and tables must be cleaned and re-arranged as you found them. All trash must be in the bin.

​- do not let any strangers enter into any building behind you where the event is taking place. if you see anyone you do not recognize who is suspicious, please let us know immediately.

​- use only the dedicated spaces to the hack. if unsure - ask explicitly.

​- be respectful and considerate of others who may be in the building and are studying or working. - if unsure - always ask.

​You agree to these rules by coming to the event.

Blasts
Serge Alexander Didenko
Sep 27, 3:22 PM

​Dear hacker - see you at 10am at Harvard Innovation Labs. If joining online - use this zoom - https://mit.zoom.us/j/95846550055

Location
Harvard Innovation Labs
Batten Hall, 125 Western Ave, Allston, MA 02134, USA
DiscoverPricingHelp

1